= YAPS

==== An object-oriented JavaScript framework for Facebook

Yaps is a JavaScript framework that aims at facilitating development
of dynamic web applications under Facebook Application platform. 

It’s deeply inspired by the Prototype framework (http://prototypejs.org)
for the basic common features and by Scriptaculous library (http://script.aculo.us/) 
for the specific classes.

=== Targeted platforms

We try to make our code usable on every platform. 
For now, it has been tested only on : 

* Mozilla Firefox 3 
* Apple Safari 3.1.2

== Using Yaps

To use Yaps in your Facebook application, download the latest release from the 
Yaps web site (http://labs.sociabliz.com/yaps) and copy the javascript files to a
suitable location. Then include it in your HTML/FBML like this: 

	<script src="/path/to/base.js"></script>
	
If you need special feature like drag & dropping classes, include them after the 
base.js file like this: 

	<script src="/path/to/dragdrop.js"></script>

== Contributing to Yaps

Check out the Yaps source with 

	$ git clone git://github.com/meuble/yaps.git
	
For now, we prefer that you fork the git repository and submit merge request.

== Documentation

Ther isn’t any Yaps specific documentation. 

Since Yaps tries to be a copycat library, you can still check out Prototype or
Scriptaculous documentation to find out how Yaps works. 

	http://prototypejs.org/api
	http://github.com/madrobby/scriptaculous/wikis
	
Reference about Facebook FBJS can be found here: 

	http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/FBJS

== License

Yaps is licensed under the terms of the MIT License, see the included MIT-LICENSE file. 